What is it guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be adding a new post and that would be our elementary base.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to bring them out here and then I'm going to hit Posa that it's
going to take me to the new window that will be at new post here.
I'm going to do.
I'm just going to enter the post-Idol.
So the poorest title that I'm going to be entering would be
US has some bugs that need to be fixed.
OK.
There we go.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to select iOS and then here I can add any of the tags if I
want to.
So I'd be just adding a U.S. box.
Apple.
OK.
I'm going to hit enter and you can see these tags are right here.
I'm just going to go to the content and the content is going to be 100 percent full width and margins
should be disabled.
I'm going to go to the title right here and the title should be disabled as well.
OK.
And then I can also go to OK.
Yes so you can pretty much all of the customization from here shard chord before tab bar and you can
go with the header as well.
You can also go with the menu title of footer and the post section.
OK so you can move on to this.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead.
I just basically need a featured image.
OK.
So my feature to me is going to be this image right here and it's going to set feature to me so you
can see what I'm going to do right now.
I'm just going to hit publish and let our page.
So on viewing this page you will see that here would be an image that I don't want to add.
So you can see this image is pretty big.
And I don't want this to be added.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to the customized right here.
And I wanted to remove the featured image section from these posts because if you want to show these
feature images you can show them if you do not want to show them because we want to add this.
We basically want to add these featured images and we just basically want to remove this from the feature
section.
There should be no images.
OK.
So so here you have to come here and then you hear what you have to do you need to go to the log section
and then you have to go to the single post right here.
Here you can manage it.
So basically evil.
Remove the featured images and from this section right here I'm just going to click this and you can
see that this feature that image will be removed from all the post that we will publish.
K. You can see this.
This is how it is working.
If you don't want that you just click here and then you will publish it and you will see that the featured
image will be still coming right here.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to click edited elementary and you will see that it will take me
to an elementary page and then here you go you can see this is how it is coming we have the title right
here.
We have this right here and then here we can add anything.
So you have to focus on only one thing either.
You want everything to be added or if you want to end with everything from scratch totally scratch then
you have to focus on that what you have to do you have to just come here and then you have to add everything
from here or you have a new option if you just remove the stuff.
OK what is going to happen is that it will be applied to all the block post-edit you have.
So if you don't want to apply it to all the blog posts what you have to do you have to just click this
and then you have to hit go to dashboard.
OK.
And then you have to go down Ritchies the template you have to select elementary canvas.
You have to just update and then you have to hit it with elementary
so one here would be a total blank screen where you have to do everything from scratch.
You can add pretty well everything.
OK.
Let's see if we have a better
okay.
We're half custom header we have custom header Lowville so we can add it.
We can just selected and then we can add custom header logo so you can load it and then you can see
you can select it to be right.
You can select it to the left and you can see here if I just apply it it's going to appear right here.
OK.
You can also go with the custom custom header navigation you can just bring a tray here and then here
you go.
This is how it is coming so you can pretty well show them if you want to.
I'm just going to select it to be right and you can see this is coming right here.
So what she will do you will just come here you will basically get to pick a column and here would be
two columns right here.
I'm just going to click this guy and I'm going to remove this widget.
I'm going to change this budget to be that call them right here.
I'm just going to close it and you can see this is how it is coming.
So we have this right here and we have this right here.
I'm just going to click this guy right here and you can see that the image position this position is
right.
I'm going to go to the advance and I basically want to style it.
So how will I stated I'll just click this guy to hold this guy right here and I will change the background
colors to be the gray So here we go.
This is what is coming.
OK.
We have the logo and then we have this guy right here.
Yes.
So I basically want to on the center on the center line to the left and let's give some batting to the
top so that it comes straight to the panel right here like this is coming.
So I'm just going to click this guy right here.
I'm going to click advance and then I have to go to the margin right here.
I want to give some margin to the top.
So I'm just going to click this and I'm going to hit this and then I'm going to assign some margin.
Here you go again.
And now if I just click it you can see this is how it is working.
So we have this right here and then we have this so you can also add the top nav menu if you want to
add it.
So this is how it's going to work.
OK.
So let's see if we can add the top now.
So we cannot top that led to set custom we can add custom CML we can add custom header logo we can add
custom had and we can also add the custom menus if you want to add the top menu right here above.
You can also add that.
OK.
Now here here what I want I want to add a blog post.
So how will I add that I will just add add template you can physically create it yourself the total
blog post that you want to add.
You can click Create a new section here you can just click this you can drag the title right here or
you can design it you can then add any of the Bostich you want to add so you can design it if you want
to add the sidebar.
You guys also know that how can you add the sidebar as well.
OK I'm just gonna delete it.
I'm just going to add a template because I want to.
I want to I wanted to do just things instantly.
So I'm just going to go down go down and let's see if we have any of the blog post.
So this is still a landing page Rasselas landing page we have the contact page service praising praising
about product services conduct shop.
Coming soon coming soon coming soon and we still haven't got that blog page.
My God.
OK.
I think I missed that so I'm going to go above right here and because elements are used to give us the
blog thing.
The block template they used to have that but I don't know I cannot see it.
Basically I think
OK so they don't have it.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to design it myself.
OK let's just go ahead and let's design our plug a bit.
So I'm just going to grab this tray here and want a feature tomato.
I basically want to add the feature to me and then end that featured image.
I want to add the titles.
I'm just going to crop this way here.
I want to go to the style I want to go to if a bag grown so a back room is going to be an image OK.
I want to add that image this image because we have used that image as a feature to image.
So this image attachment should be three.
The attachment should be fixed and the size should be covered.
So I'm going to go to this whole section right here and I want to go to the layout and I want to go
to height so my height should be minimum height.
OK this is fine.
I'm going to assign a border or a bag from right here.
So I'm going to go to the background overlay.
I'm going to go to the Korean fray here and I want to select select the colors from my first colors.
And my second color is going to be white.
OK.
You can see how this is.
You can also increase the opacity
and wanted to create this white opacity.
Cool.
OK.
You can see how this is great here.
I want to add one thing.
OK.
Let's just go to this image right here.
Let's go to the style and let's say like this to be Krol
fixed the coverage should be auto.
Yes I think it should be cover covers looking cool so you can see.
And now here we can add the title of the post.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to grab the heading and I'm going to drop a tray here and
here what I have to do I have to just enter the ending.
So that will be I.
Ass need to create what is a table right here.
US has some bugs that needs to be fixed.
U.S. has some bugs.
That needs to be fixed.
Cool.
OK.
What I want to do right now I want to align this to center and I want to go to the stay right here and
I want to choose the colors to be full black.
OK.
I want to click this guy right here again.
I want to choose two biography and I want to increase it.
I want the family to be open hands and I want the vate to be 300 OK.
Oh my God is looking amazing.
So what I want to do right now I want to go to the content I want to click this guy right here and I
need a divider.
So the writer is going to be this I want to drag it and drop it right here.
OK.
And what I can do I just can increase the weight I can go with the color so my color is going to be
full black.
OK.
And the fit should be it should be aligned to center and the vet should be OK and OK.
I have an idea that how can you create a best blog post OK.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I want to go to this minimum height and I want
to get fit to screen.
You can see this is now fit to screen.
OK.
I want to go to style right here.
And I want to go to the border Bajrang overlay.
So I want its location to be right above some mere
core.
OK.
This is this is a bit cool.
I wanted to just make it below so you can see this back black color right here.
OK.
And what I want I want to add a button right here and this burden is going to take me down.
So that burden will be so amazing you can see that how you can create some amazing poster.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to grab this burden and I'm going to drag it right below here.
OK.
And I want to design this specifically so I'm going to hit read this post.
And I want to align this the center.
I want to go to the site so my size is going to be a large one and I want the icon to be the donor.
So it should be like it should be an icon that means that you go down.
So I'm just going to grab an icon OK.
This is the one.
OK.
And I want it to be after.
So what I want to do right now I want to go to Iowa one the topography to be on so my family is going
to be open sands.
OK.
My fate is going to be three Henry.
And I want to I want to transform it to be for her case or to capitalize on me I say thing.
And now what I want I want to just make it transparent full transparent so I'm going to go to the text
color so my text color is going to be full black.
OK.
And my background color is going to be fully transparent.
OK what I want to do right now I want to add a border right here.
So I'm going to go to the border type.
I want it to be solid and it should be one pixel from all the.
So this is how it is.
And I wanted the border radius to be too great.
This is no full like this.
OK.
I want to I can also add the box shadow Sarbox shadow is looking cool a bit.
I want to spread it more OK.
And I want to spread it like this.
OK.
I think this is looking cool cool.
And now what I want I want to just give some space to the top from the top so that it looks great.
OK.
I want to go to the pet petting I want to sort of the margin.
So I want to go to the margin right here.
I want to uncheck this and I just wanted the margin for that from the top.
So
recall I think it looks cool right here.
I can also make it a bit Froment into that it looks it.
It just catches everything.
So I think I need to spread it more.
OK.
The horizontal No.
It should be zero.
OK.
I need to just play it a bit more and then spread it for
call.
OK.
On clicking this OK it should do one thing.
Let's just go to the Condon's right here.
And it should take me down.
OK.
And now let's go ahead and play it safe.
So now let's add a new section right here.
And here is going to be the content of our section so I'm going to click here and I want the content
here.
So I want to add one thing.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit it section and I'm going to go to advance right here
and then I have to come here to the 80 and then I have to assign this Id done.
OK so that if someone clicks this it's going to take me down.
OK.
And what I have to do is save it.
And then here I can add the condom that I want.
So I'm just going to click this guy right here.
I want to just go to a text editor because I want the whole content or I can just add a sidebar here
as well if I wanted to.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to crop this two columns one to add a sidebar here and then the
rest of that.
So I'm just going to grab the sidebar.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to go to search the side bar and isn't a drag and drop a tray here.
So the sideboard is coming right here and is going to choose the right side bar.
OK.
And I also wanted text area text editor basically so letters for text OK.
And then let's drag it and drop it right here.
So here we can add some text right here.
So I'm just going to copy
copy paste and paste it for.
So here you go you can see that this text is coming right here.
And then below here we can add a footer.
So if you want to add a footer you just have to click this and then you have to click this right here
so you can see this footer is coming right here.
So you can anti-copyright will yourself what your have to do you just have to come here.
And then you have to click the background from a background color is going to be Plock or a bit of tray.
And then I need a text.
So I'm just going to grab this text editor and I want to click the text because I want to edit the HVM
else.
I'm just going to add and see O Y so that it's going to add the copyright section and then it's going
to be copy rights.
Surely it's going to be complete W.P..
Of course 2017.
OK I want to go to the cycleway here.
I want to change the colors to be for white.
OK.
I want assign this to center.
So you can see this is how it is right now.
And let's click this
OK.
This is looking cool.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit Sapre right now.
OK.
And let's just have a look at a site how this is going to look.
I'm just going to click cross so you can see that I didn't prepare for this.
I just thought that it should look good and it is now looking good and let's see how this is going to
look.
So you can see Iowa has Iowa has some bugs that needs to be fixed.
You can see this is the button that's predisposed so you can also add an action to here or an animation
here.
OK.
You can see it is over.
Basically we want to add the hover effect here.
So I'm just going to click here.
Here we go in the whole section.
You can see that I can change the text color to be green so you can see this is changing to full green
and you can change it to be like fully red as yvel.
This looks cool.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save so you can do pretty well do that.
OK you just click here and Anthony you can see this is right here.
If I just bring my mouse here read this post I'm going to click here and it takes me down.
So this is how this is looking and I pretty like this a lot I'm just in love with this effect.
OK.
Just click here.
It is taking me down.
And here is the whole content.
Here is the sidebar.
You can design it.
You can get some batting.
I think that you need to give some bedding because this is giving it to above.
So let's just add it was just come here and let's just go to advance re here and add some padding to
the top.
So I'm just going to uncheck this and I'm going to add the padding to be 20 pixel or you can add it
to be 90 pixel and let's hit this.
So here we have some padding right here so you can pretty well add images you can add anything right
here.
And this is right here and then we have the footer.
So let's go ahead and let's save and then let's come here and let's just save it.
Rephrase sorry OK this is Otis.
I'm just going to click it and you can see it is taking me down.
So I'm in love with this totally.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And by.